Like I said before generator functions are just functions so you can put them just about anywhere that
you would put a typical function.
So for example we can do the same thing we did before by making a generator function but this time we'll
do let make it a re tour and then we'll do an anonymous function.
And since we're doing an anonymous function before when we made our function we put the star right before
the function name.
But in this case since we don't have a function name we'll just do a star and then parentheses like
so and we'll pass on some items.
In this case we'll do the same thing we did before.
And in this case we'll just loop through it with you.
I was zero.
Then while it is less than item's length then we'll increment I like soooo.
And then we'll just yield the individual item inside of I are inside of items I should say.
Perfect Now that we have that set up.
Next thing we can do is make our iterator so what you let it to a tour equals make iterator like so
and we're good to go.
So now we could do the same exact thing we did before which was to basically just cancel that log this
and you can see it should work like a charm cannot read property of length.
Ah I forgot to pass in my array.
That's why.
So we just have to pass in an array to fix this one two three.
And now if you say that you see it works just like normal.
As a side note even though you can use a generator function expression you cannot use or you cannot
create a generator function by using Aeros syntax so you can't do something like for example Star parentheses
arrow function that unfortunately will not work.